# False-Positive-from-Linux-Kernel

This repository contains curated datasets and experimental code for the study: "Characterizing and Mitigating False-Positive Bug Reports in the Linux Kernel". It provides annotated bug reports from Bugzilla and Syzkaller, and includes code for data analysis.
## Data
### Bugzilla
Bugzilla dataset contains labeled kernel bug reports with the following fields:
- url: A link to the original Bugzilla entry.
- title: The title of the bug report.
- changed_date: The last modification date of the report.
- comments: The full list of comments.
- component: The specific component within the product.
- label_type: The dataset label (e.g., tp for true positive, fp for false positive).
- data_type: The dataset tag for the type of bug (e.g., code_fix).
- Root Cause: Root cause category.
### Syzkaller
Syzkaller dataset contains labeled bug reports generated by the Syzkaller fuzzing framework, with the following fields:
- url: A link to the original Syzkaller entry.
- title: The title of the bug report.
- closed: Indicator of whether the bug has been closed.
- mails: The list of email discussions.
- subsystems: The affected kernel subsystems(components).
- label_type: The dataset label (e.g., tp, fp).
- data_type: The dataset tag for the type of bug (e.g., code_fix).
- Root Cause: Root cause category.
## Analyse
### RQ1
The folder './analyse/rq1' contains the code for RQ1. Run:
python rq1.py
The results will be saved at './analyse/rq1/results_plt'
### RQ2
The folder './analyse/rq2' contains the code for RQ2. Run:
python rq2_component.py
The results will be saved at './analyse/rq2/data'
### RQ3
The folder './analyse/rq3' contains the code for RQ3. Run:
python root_cause.py
python root_cause_component.py
The results will be saved at './analyse/rq3/data'
### RQ4
The folder './analyse/rq4' contains the code for RQ4. The prompt used to instruct the LLM can be found in './analyse/rq4/prompt_template'. Run:
python run_inference.py
The results will be saved at './analyse/rq4/data'
